Java Programming
Write Java code to reverse a string while preserving the whitespace.
Explain dynamic binding and static binding.
What is method overloading, and what is method overriding? 
What is the difference between Comparable and Comparator? 
Write Java code to print all the permutations of a given string. 
Explain the Functional Interface in Java. Basics of multithreading in Java. 
Write code for database connection in Java. 
Write code and explain the Singleton design pattern.
Write code to fetch the username and password from a properties file.
Difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder. 
Program to remove duplicate elements from an ArrayList. 
Where have you used Inheritance in your framework?
Difference between finally and finalize in Java.
Find the Kth largest and Kth smallest elements in an array. 
Sort an array of 0s, 1s, and 2s in O(n) time complexity.
What is LinkedHashMap? Explain its use. 
Explain the palindromic substrings LeetCode question.



Selenium Automation
In your framework, if you have 100 pages, do you create 100 Page Objects?
What is an “Element click intercepted” exception, and how do you fix it? 
How do you take screenshots for failed test cases only in TestNG? 
How to launch Google on a browser using the TestNG framework? 
How to handle multiple windows in Selenium? How to handle dynamic dropdowns in Selenium?
How to handle shadow DOM elements in Selenium? 
Write Selenium code to automate a calendar WebElement. How would you fetch the text from a text box in Selenium?
How do you enter text in an alert using Selenium?
Difference between findElement and findElements. What is the difference between implicit wait and explicit wait? 
What are relative locators in Selenium? How to run Selenium scripts on an already opened browser? 
If an XPath selects two elements on a webpage, does findElement throw an exception? 
Explain smoke testing and sanity testing. How to handle multiple windows in Selenium? 
How to handle dynamic dropdowns in Selenium? 
Print all values of customer salaries from the given graph using Selenium. 
How would you handle authentication popup using Selenium?
What is a Stale Element exception?
In Selenium, how would you open a new tab?
Difference between close() and quit() methods in Selenium?
In what cases would you require fluent waits? 
Write XPaths for disappearing elements in Selenium. 



SQL and Database
Given an SQL table, find the second-largest salary of an employee.
What is the use of GroupBy in SQL? What is the get fetch command?
Explain the concept of joins and list the different types of joins available. 

Agile
Explain the differences between Agile and Waterfall models.
Tell me about Agile ceremonies. 
How to perform parallel testing using TestNG? 


Git and Version Control
What are the uses of fetch, pull, and clone commands in Git? What is the get fetch command?


Jenkins
In Jenkins, what is the purpose of a CRON expression?
How to set up your framework with Jenkins? 


Jmeter
What are the threads in JMeter? 


Postman
In Postman, how do you delete a variable after test execution is finished?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


